This distribution includes the files that make up the XML:DB API for Java. 
There are three components included in the distribution.

1. The XML:DB API Interfaces

   The API interfaces are what driver developers must implement when creating a
   new driver and are the interfaces that applications are developed against. 
   Along with the interfaces a concrete DriverManager implementation is also
   provides. The API intefaces are located in the JAR file named
   xmldb-[date].jar where [date] is the date of the release.
   
   The packages that make up the API interfaces are.
   
   org.xmldb.api.DatabaseManager.java
   org.xmldb.api.base
   org.xmldb.api.modules
   
2. The XML:DB API Reference Implementation

   The reference implementation provides a very simple file system based
   implementation of the XML:DB API. This provides what is basically a very
   simple native XML database that uses directories to represent collections and
   just stores the XML in files. 
   
   The packages that make up the reference implementation are.
   
   org.xmldb.api.reference
   
3. The XML:DB API Driver Software Development Kit

   The driver development kit provides a set of base classes that can be 
   extended to simplify and speed the development of XML:DB API drivers. These
   classes are used to provide the basis for the reference implementation and
   therefore a simple example of how a driver can be implemented. Using the SDK
   classes significantly reduces the amount of code that must be written to
   create a new driver.
   
   Along with the SDK base classes the SDK also contains a set of jUnit test
   cases that can be used to help validate the driver while it is being
   developed. The test cases are still in development but there are enough tests
   currently to be useful.
   
   The packages that make up the SDK are.
   
   org.xmldb.api.sdk
   org.xmldb.api.tests
   
The reference implementation and driver SDK are in the JAR xmldb-sdk-[date].jar
where [date] is the date of the release.


Running the tests on the reference implementation.

The reference impl uses a directory structure that is by default located in the
data directory. The first time you run the tests a data directory and set of
sample data will be created in the current directory. Running the tests requires
that you have an ant installation. Ant is available from 
http://jakarta.apache.org/.

Once you have Ant installed, running the tests consists of typing the following
command.

   ant tests
   
If all tests pass you should see something like the following.

setup:

tests:
     [java] ................
     [java] Time: 1.906
     [java] 
     [java] OK (16 tests)
     [java] 

BUILD SUCCESSFUL


